MAD outlier section + first part of experiments summary (#58)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_pre_thesis/src/sections/experiments.tex

Our findings indicate that outlier removal does not have a major impact on neither the PLS1-SM nor the ICA models, which is expected considering we anticipate a low number of outliers in the dataset, as mentioned in Section~\ref{ica_data_preprocessing}.
Following this, we also found that maintaining the leverage and residuals from the second iteration of the outlier removal barely affects the PLS1-SM model's performance.

We also found that the MAD method for outlier removal in the ICA phase improves the performance of the ICA models across all oxides except for \ce{CaO}.
When using all five datasets for training the ICA models through aggregation, we found that the RMSEs vary across the oxides, with oxides that have a higher variance in their compositions having higher RMSEs and vice versa.

Finally, we found that the XGBoost model performs exceptionally well, only being outperformed by the original MOC model on \ce{FeO_T}.
The ANN model also shows promising results, often outperforming the original MOC model, and we expect that it could perform even better with a larger training dataset.

> This range of experiments conducted on the MOC pipeline is not exhaustive.
> Conducting additional experiments could provide a more thorough evaluation of its effectiveness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We acknowledge that this range of experiments conducted on the MOC pipeline is not exhaustive.
Conducting additional experiments would provide a more thorough evaluation of its effectiveness.
```

> However, we can draw several key conclusions from the experiments conducted in this section regarding the limitations of the MOC pipeline components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these we feel that these experiments are sufficient to draw several key conclusions from the experiments conducted in this section regarding the limitations of the MOC pipeline components:
```

> This range of experiments conducted on the MOC pipeline is not exhaustive.
> Conducting additional experiments could provide a more thorough evaluation of its effectiveness.
> However, we can draw several key conclusions from the experiments conducted in this section regarding the limitations of the MOC pipeline components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can draw several key conclusions from the experiments conducted in this section regarding the limitations of the MOC pipeline components:
```
